Hello and welcome to the certified cabinet administrators course, my name is Moonshot, my number,

and I will be your instructor for this course.

So about me, I'm a solutions architect.

I specialize on cloud automation and develops technologies.

I have other several bestseller and top rated courses on technologies like Dr. Coburn and is an open

shift, as well as automation technologies like Ansible, Chef and Puppet.

This course is the third installment in the series on communities and focuses on the administrators

certification.

Let's take a look at the structure of this course.

We start with a series of lectures on various topics in coroneted, where we simplify complex concepts

using illustration, animation and some fun analogies.

We have optional quizzes that test your knowledge.

After each lecture, we have hundreds of practice questions that will help you practice what you learned

on a real live environment right in your browser.

Yes, you don't need to have your own environment.

We give you the required labs that are real and that can be accessed by you anywhere, any time and

as many times as you want.

That is, certification is hands on.

So the practice test will give you enough experience and practice on getting ready for it.

More on this coming soon.

We also have a dedicated channel that you had exclusive access to were experts and other students gather

to help you clear your doubts and get instant support on your queries.

We will also discuss some tips and tricks throughout this course to help you crack the certification

exam.

And as always, if you have any questions, you will reach out directly to us through our Q&A section

or to select channel.

Now, this is one of the course in the series on Cabernets and focuses on getting the community's administrators

certification, so having a basic understanding to some of the concepts and prerequisites will help

knowing basics of soccer and some basics of clarinettist itself, such as parts, deployments and services,

and having a good understanding of the Yamal language.

Setting up a basic lab environment using morschel books can all help in the journey.

We do discuss setting up a carbon atoms cluster in detail in this course, and we also have online labs

and practice tests for a lot of these concepts.

But if you're an absolute beginner, I highly recommend taking the carbon atoms for the absolute beginners

course first, which is a short, quick introduction to some of the basic concepts.

Now look at the course objectives.

The objectives of this course are aligned to match the certified carbon that is administrators exam

curriculum.

We will discuss about details around the certification itself in one of the upcoming lectures before

heading into any of these topics.

However, remember, this is not just a course to clear the certification.

We discuss a number of other related topics.

And the intent of this course is to get you to be good at installing, configuring and troubleshooting

equipment that is cluster with the where the candidates are organized.

In this course, we do not start the course by building a cluster from scratch.

We actually do that towards the end of the course.

In the installation configuration and validation section.

You will be working on pre-built live clusters throughout the earlier sections in this course, and

I think that makes sense.

Think of this as learning to engineer and build a car.

It would be much easier if you have already driven a car, know how it works, what the wheels are for,

what the transmission is for, what the brakes are for and how to fill fuel, etc. That way you would

be able to relate those to the underlying concepts better when you learn them.

And that is why I think practicing on pre-built clusters and learning the basic concepts first will

help you understand how to build a cluster from scratch.

Towards the end of this course.

We start with the core concepts where we look at the various components that form the cognitive architecture.

We then discuss some of the API primitives here.

We mostly recap what we learned in the beginners course about part replica sets, deployment's, name

spaces, etc..

We then look at services and other network primitives.

In the next section we look at scheduling.

We start with labels and selectors, followed by deman sets and how resource limits can affect pod placements.

We look at ways of manually scheduling apart and configuring multiple schedulers and how to view the

scheduler events in the logging and monitoring section.

We look at different ways of monitoring and logging the cluster of components, as well as applications

hosted on the Cluster and the Application Lifecycle Management Section.

We look at rolling updates and rollbacks and various ways of configuring applications, scaling applications

and the primitives necessary to create a self healing application.

In the cluster maintenance section, we look at the different options available to take down a node

in the cluster for maintenance purposes.

We then look at how software releases are organized and that is followed by the cluster upgrade process.

We will perform an upgrade to a live cluster yourself in the practice test without taking down the application.

And finally we look at the different backup and restore methodologies.

We then move to security.

We start by looking at different ways of authenticating into the cluster.

We take good look at certificates.

We start all the way from the absolute basics of tearless certificates into how exactly a cluster can

be secured with these.

So there are many practice exercises around that.

You will be asked to troubleshoot and fix issues related to certificates, which I believe will give

you confidence in working with certificates.

You look at the new certificates API, we then look at role based access controls and attribute based

access controls for authorization.

We then look at network policies and security context in the networking section.

We start with some optional networking prerequisite lectures.

This will help you understand and troubleshoot networking and capabilities in depth.

So we start by understanding the basics of networking in Linux, basics of switching and routing and

birth networks.

In a Linux system, we try and understand the basics of TMS, what core DNS is.

We then look at network names, faces and then relate those concepts to networking in Docker.

We then start with networking in a Cuban cluster.

We look at CNI and what they are.

We look at one of the nine networks in depth and how it functions.

We look at how service networking works under the hood.

Then look at DNS and clarinettist cluster and finally increase networking, and of course, the section

is filled with practice exercises where you will practice viewing and gathering networking information

from a cluster, implementing network configurations and troubleshooting network related issues in a

cluster.

We then look at designing, installing, configuring and validating equipment at his cluster from scratch.

We understand how a high availability cluster works and how and it could cluster works and the best

practices in deploying and cluster, you look at two ways of bootstrapping a worker, not one the usual

way and the other using the bootstrap approach.

We finally perform End-To-End tests on the cluster we deployed using the cornetist testing infrastructure.

With all of this, you should have gained enough knowledge on how the various components work together

in this cluster.

So troubleshooting piece should come to you.

Naturally, we look at some techniques that can be followed while troubleshooting a cluster and applications

running on them.

Again, we have a number of practice tests where we give you a broken cluster and you troubleshoot and

fix them, but that's a lot.

And we plan to add more relevant topics to this list going forward.

Finally, a word about practice tests.

The coroneted certification exam is a practical hands on exam, so it is very important to practice

what you learn, which is why we have got a custom solution that will give you access to a real coronets

environment right in your browser, along with a quiz portal that provides fun and challenging problems

for you to solve, you're required to gain a set of different skills working with communities such as

how to look for information, how to troubleshoot issues.

That is why we have questions where you will be asked to find information within an environment.

You will also be asked to perform configuration tasks where you will be required to configure and deploy

applications and services on the cluster.

We will test your work and provide feedback instantly.

People occasionally make changes to the environment or break stuff and ask you to troubleshoot and fix

them.

These are common issues that one would face while working with communities, and these exercises will

help you troubleshoot and fix issues quickly.

When you see an error message, you should be able to understand what that means and where to look for

information related to that error message and how to fix it.

One of the major challenges in a practical test, like the one in the coroneted certification, is time.

Even simple issues like a typo or an indentation error in a Yemen file can take a beginner hours to

fix.

This is why we have hundreds of such exercises in this course that will make you an expert and give

you enough practice to help you clear the exam.

Well, let's hope for now.

Thank you for enrolling and I'll see you in class.