Hello and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture

we look at some of the details around the certified Kubernetes administrators program.

What is it, why you need it and how to prepare for it.

There is no doubt about the fact that the adoption of Kubernetes is expected to grow exponentially

in the coming years as seen in the graph from Google Trends. As per

a recent survey conducted by indeed Kubernetes had the fastest growth in job searches over 173 percent from a year before.

a recent survey conducted by indeed Kubernetes had the fastest growth in job searches over 173 percent from a year before.

And so it is important for us to be prepared to establish credibility and value in the market. Kubernetes

administrator certification developed by cloud native computing Foundation in collaboration with the

Linux Foundation does just that.

It helps you stand out in the crowd and allows companies to quickly hire high quality engineers like

you on attending the certification.

You will be certified to design, build and administer highly available Kubernetes clusters.

You can read more about the certification at cncf.io/certification/cka

As of today, the exam costs 300 U.S. dollars with one free retake in case you do not manage to pass

on the initial attempt.

You have one more attempt available for free within the next twelve months.

The mode of delivery is online.

You can deliver the exam anytime anywhere and the comfort of your house since this is an online exam

and online Proctor will be watching you at all times.

There are a set of requirements that need to be met with respect to the environment the room your attending

the exam from the system you are using to give the test your Network Connectivity etc. All of these

are described in detail in the candidate handbook available on the certification website.

Unlike most of these certification exams out there the Kubernetes certification is not a multiple

choice exam.

It is an online performance based exam that tests your hands on skills with the technology.

This would mean that you don't have to worry about memorizing lots of different numbers in preparation

for the exam.

However you need to know how the technology works and how you can get it to work.

You will be given different tasks to complete in a set amount of time which happens to be three hours

for this exam.

As per the exam guidelines, you will, however, be able to refer to the Kubernetes official documentation

pages at all times during the exam.

And in this course we will walk through how to make best use of the documentation site so that you can

easily locate the right information.

Well I wish you good luck in preparing for and delivering the Kubernetes certification exam and I'm sure

with enough practice you will pass with flying colors.

So let us begin.