Hello there.

Before we begin, I want to spend a minute on the Kubernetes Series of courses. Kubernetes is one of

the most trending technology in cloud computing as of today.

It is supported on any cloud platform and supports hosting enhanced and complex applications on various

kinds of architectures that make it a vast and complex technology.

There are a set of pre-requisite knowledge required such as containers, applications, YAML files etc.

A lot of topics to discuss, a lot of concepts to cover such as the Architecture, Networking, Load Balancing,

a variety of monitoring tools, Auto Scaling, Configuration, Security, Storage etc.

There are students from different backgrounds, such as the Absolute Beginners to Kubernetes, or those

with some experience looking for specialized knowledge in administration or those from an application

development background.

There are two certifications in the mix as well.

One for the administrators and another for the application developers covering all of these topics for

all of these topics for all of these students in a single course is an impossible task. Which is why we created a 3 course

series so each course can target specific audience topics and certifications.

The Kubernetes for the Absolute Beginners course, the Certified Kubernetes Administrator's course and

the certified kubernetes application developer’s course.

Let's look at what we cover in each of these courses.

The kubernetes for the Absolute Beginners course helps a beginner having no prior experience with containers

or container orchestration

get started with the concepts of Kubernetes. As

this is a beginners course.

We do not deep dive into technical details.

instead we focus on a high level overview of Kubernetes, setting up a simple lab environment to play with

Kubernetes, learning the pre-requisites required to understand and get started, understanding the various

concepts to deploy an application such as pods replica sets deployments and services.

This course is also suitable for a non-technical person trying to understand the basic concepts of Kubernetes,

just enough to get involved in discussions around the technology.

The Kubernetes for Administrators course focuses on advanced topics on Kubernetes and in-depth discussions

into the various concepts around deploying a high availability cluster for production use case.

Understanding more about scheduling, monitoring, maintenance, security, storage and troubleshooting.

This course also helps you prepare for the Certified Kubernetes Administrator Exam and get you

verified as a Kubernetes Administrator.

The Kubernetes for Developers course is for Application Developers who are looking to learn how to

design, build and configure cloud native applications.

Now you don't have to be an expert application developer for this course and there is no real coding

or application development involved in either this course or the certification itself.

You only need to know the real basics of development on a platform like python or NodeJs.

This course focuses on topics relevant for a developer such as ConfigMaps, Secrets & ServiceAccounts,

Multi-container Pods, Readiness & Liveness Probes, Logging & Monitoring, Jobs, Services and

networking.

This course will also help you prepare for the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer exam.

All of these courses are filled with coding exercises and quizzes that will help you practice developing

and deploying applications on Kubernetes.

Now remember that there are some topics that overlap between these courses.

So we recap and discuss them and when required.

Now you don't have to take these courses in order.

If you're an administrator you may choose to take the beginners as well as the second course and get

yourself certified as a Kubernetes Administrator. Or take the beginners course and the developers

course to get yourself certified as a Kubernetes Application Developer. Which I’d say is the easier

of the two.

if you were to ask me. So if you are ready, let’s get started.