Hello.

Before you head into a practice test, which follows this video, 

I wanted to spend a few minutes on walking you through the Practice Test Portal. 

Once this lecture is complete, you will find a link to the practice

test the practice tests are hosted on another platform so follow the link.

If you run into any issues once you're on that portal report directly to me you must be accessing the practice test on a laptop or a desktop system as you will require a keyboard to work hands on 

the page you will be taken to will load and interface read through the instructions and click on Start scenario when you're ready.

You will then see a live terminal to a master node in the kubernetes cluster.

You can run commands here and interact with the cluster in any way you like.

This cluster consists of a single master and worker node.

There are two parts to the practice test.

One is this terminal where you will be working and you will run commands to view and configure the kubernetes cluster.

The second is a quiz portal.

You can access the quiz portal by clicking on this link at the top of your terminal.

This will fire up a separate browser session with the questions each topic covered in the lecture has a practice test associated with it that consists of anywhere from 5 to 15 questions.

You can see the total number of questions at the bottom and as and when you progress through this 

it will be marked accordingly.

The questions are of different kind.

Sometimes you're asked to look for information in the environment and select the right answer.

We will perform changes in the environment such as deploy a set of pods or services and ask you to look for information within it or you may be asked to perform a configuration task using a given spec.

We then test your work to ensure you completed it successfully.

Sometimes you are given a set of kubernetes definition files and asked to use them to create configurations.

Use the vi editor to edit these files.

Remember in the certification test the actual exam you will have to use one of the editors that come within the provide system.

So practice working with it.

We also have some scenario based multiple choice questions you won't have these in the actual certification exam.

We just added these to test your knowledge and ensure your learning 


when you're given a spec remember to create a configuration that matches it exactly.

You can skip any questions by clicking on this button at the top.

But remember you cannot come back as the questions follow a particular flow.

We're working on a feature to improve this experience.

At times you can access the application you deploy on the cluster by clicking on the Web portal link given above your terminal.

This is however subject to your application having a web portal 

for some reason. You need to open a new terminal.

Click on the button above your current terminal and select open a new terminal to host 1.

Now, remember this is not a replica of the actual kubernetes certification exam.

So the interface and your experience in the actual exam is going to be different than this.

This is a custom solution we built to help you practice.

For it to test your skills to guide you and to prepare you for the actual exam 

you can take this test over and over as many times as you like until you feel confident.

Remember this is a temporary environment and is only available for one hour after which it is deleted

so your work will not be saved out of the two windows.

You can refresh the quiz portal window anytime but you must not refresh the terminal window 

as that will provision a new environment.

If you do that then remember to open the new quiz portal associated with that terminal using the link above your terminal.

Also note that you must not use or store any personal credentials or persistent work in this environment

finally.

Remember that the practice tests are not just to test your skills and the concepts you learned in the lecture.

They're designed for you to learn the concept and gain hands on practice 


so there may be topics that are not discussed in the lecture.

There might be times where you're stuck and if you're stuck.

Please do reach out to me.

Do not worry.

Try the test again to push you to read the documentation find information and implementing it is the

idea behind these practice tests as always.

If you need additional explanation on any topic please do reach out to me.

If you run into any issues follow these guidelines 

in case you see some error in the initial screen.

As soon as you load the portal try refreshing the browser ones to open a new environment.

If the issue persists.

Reach out to us if the issue is with your work.

Follow the signs given in the spec results and try to fix it.

If you do not know the answer try to skip the question and move forward and drop us a note at the same time.

If there are capacity issues please wait and try after some time.

For any other issues please do drop us a note.

Also this is the first time I am putting up a solution like this.

These are the first set of exercises I am working on.

More of these and improving and making these more challenging and fun.

I hope you like it.

I hope it helps you gain practice if you come across any issues.

Please please do report it to me and please bear with me until I fix it.

Thank you once again for your support and cooperation and I wish you good luck in the upcoming practice tests.